welcome there intense and dizzy reed
We will make a fantastic trip into a computer
sign up your belts
always seemed to fly
this year
two
mockus
if james inside the bag
since 2002 to discuss with your fingers me and your children
the grid is transformed
that image act
incredible but true
there are more we investigate that already tried
just as it sounds
for herrera
they inform us the movements of the cursor on the screen
throw
these mobile
instructions are produced that will be processed by the online community
let's keep going
we are flying over the card
I always wanted to see what's on the hard drive
ricci a great library
let's see
Pistons can write stories and save them permanently
it seems he wants to say
Hates what brings you
and if you excuse me
it's a second nothing more
we're leaving
every time he finishes his troop
the guards on the hard drive to bring it back in the future
however, while you are working on it, another type of memory is used
which is smaller but much faster
it's called ram memory let's take a look
the sound card a video card
there are the ram memory chips
Your temporality temporary designs are according to the data that the user uses
they have focused on chillán san francisco the data that are transferred
consellera sanchez 10 gold discs we have been reiterative world
Honduras is irreversible side of the rises in the communities
losing is a matter of his is an affair or the kiss of December 2012 we render a
government
but about the whole world
distribution of points between
little by little poverty
the actor
that truth becomes sound card
it seems that one walks painted well here but without children's drawing
the fines are interrupted the repertoire
let's find where the next one originates
let's start with the process
finally the computer
what happened and the psoe
majano
it seems that here is high
and this character
aspects uu this gigantic hundred
now maybe yes
asking for more time
they are musical notes
its music
and those processed and
until early transport one of the characters
they think that by racconto
now I understand why they have reported to music
and leave everything lying down and those colors are going crazy
and there are those who point murcia
result in a catastrophic image
about if someone wants to communicate
nor dream of tariffs
and connect to the internet in a way
slowly
everything is too slow
they are asking you more than you can give
It has been a field to finish
can not do everything at once
this processed reported
can not effectively carry out all the operations entrusted to it and
even less if you must process them all at the same time
let's get out of justice
someone has a humor of firefighters
turn off this incident
with the intel pentium 4 processor
all its citizens
This is something else
intel pentium 4
this adds to your control
now deceased and capitalize on the full potential of the team
You can run many applications at the same time without compromising the
team performance
still here what you want
can give you
little more
is powerful enough to process many tasks in a fluid way and
at the same time
for cameron multitasking
an intel pentium 4 processor
look at your computer for the performance you need
no matter how old you are with a computer with the intel processor
pentium 4 was someone removed camera
create danger
make music
organized
study paint
decide
investigate progress activity communicate
inform
design
impec touch dream
get ready to discover a new world
a world without borders where you will be amazed more and more
then from an intel pentium 4 processor change the way you use your computer
inter